Mention the RabbitMQ management plugin (#5613)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/project/project-conf-files_services-rabbit.md

   ```

1. While the session is open, you can start a RabbitMQ client of your choice from your local workstation, configured to connect to the `localhost:<portnumber>` using the port number, username, and password information from the MAGENTO_CLOUD_RELATIONSHIP variable.

> 	 The RabbitMQ management plugin is installed in cloud, so there is a graphical utility that can be used for debugging purposes and it is usually available at port 15672.

Reviewer: Hi, 
if usually available at port 15672, but for some reason you're not in this port, how would you know which port you're in? the developer should open a ticket?

Reviewer: Maybe @hguthrie can talk with Magento Cloud team to clarify it. And you can do the changes addressed from Cloud team.

Reviewer 2: I am researching this. Thanks for the notice! I'll get back to you soon.

> 	 The RabbitMQ management plugin is installed in cloud, so there is a graphical utility that can be used for debugging purposes and it is usually available at port 15672.

Reviewer 2: I'm running into some difficulty finding anyone who uses this. In any case, I would make the following changes:

```suggestion

   To further assist in debugging, you can use the management plugin to access a graphical utility by opening the `http://localhost:15672` URL in your browser.
```
